[Autogenerated] Let's talk about stack sets in nested stacks.
Now nested stacks are stacks that error created via other CloudFormation stacks.
So you do this by calling the aws CloudFormation
stack resource within your templates.
Now what these accomplishes allows us to establish common patterns
that we can deploy but keep separate from each other.
So, for instance, if you're used to deploying a multi tier web architecture,
er you might have a stack that's always going to be reused for the back end.
But you want to separate it from your front end in the middle layer so
you might have separate stacks for all three pieces.
And then you might call those from a parent or root stack,
and then we have stack sets.
Now stack sets allow us to deploy a single template
across different regions and accounts.
So what this allows us to do is essentially deploy one time the same changes
throughout either multiple accounts or multiple regions,
and you perform the same actions.
So there's create, update and delete.
Now that we have a grasp on what stack sets and nested stacks are, let's dive into the console